Lesson 3 Reflections:

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	If your collaborating on a project with others or if using multiple computers to work on a project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Because someone else may have added files that you don't need on your remote repository at that time.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	Fork- Takes a github project and gives you a copy to make changes on without affecting the original branch.
	Clone- Takes a project from github that you have access to the master branch to make changes with the original project.
	Branch- A section of the projects code that ties all file changes together.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	In case there have been changes that cause bugs or are unwanted, you have an earlier reference.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	I would save files to a usb and have another person work with them on their computer.
	It would be harder because we would have to manually check for any changes in each persons code,
	we would then have to take the time to combine them and if there was a bug there might not be
	a previous reference point saved.
	It would be easier because pushing and pulling commits from github at the same time can become confusing
	and difficult in that not everyone collaborating may have the same project at the same time.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	If you want someone else to checkout your changes before adding them to master. Benefits of this approach would be
	if the other person catches a mistake or thinks it's a bad idea, master isn't effected and you can continue to
	work on this branch as a side project. The benefits of only using master would be that everything is quicker to
	use and is always up to date.
